TODO.md, before:

+dashboard filter options ++order
+later tabs ++dashboard
add task groups ++order +dashboard
automatic arrangement of multiple windows +dashboard
+later allow resize ++dashboard
++order windows from model/groups +dashboard
scroll ++overlong +window
splitted window ++overlong +window
filter-sidebar +sidebar
choose projects / contexts +sidebar ++filter
auto-filter +sidebar ++filter
presets +sidebar ++filter
and/or filters +sidebar ++filter
++settings connect settings to ui/model +sidebar
++settings save/load settings to file +sidebar
+later ++Archive opens small prompt
+later ++Archive all windows
+later ++Archive only current windows
+later ++kb p to paste below
+later ++kb P to paste above
+later ++kb strg+V toggle visibility modes (show full tasks, show only current task completely, hide non-text everywhere)
add up/down j/k movement in edit mode +editmode
+kb strg+Up/k swap up
tag/subtag/list suggestions +editmode
+kb strg+down/j swap down
fix append to end +editmode
+later key: u to ++undo
fix cursorpos on line wrap during +editmode
update window on edited tags/subtags +editmode
+later basic bindings ++taskwarrior
++order task sort order should follow file not alphabet +window
++active add more general onEnter/onLeave that also propagate to parents +window
++active dim window borders if not under cursor +window
+dashboard ++order editable tag-lines (make autoboxing for Tags, etc)
++manage is self.manage() really needed? +window
++manage move uielement.clear to term to allow also element swapping +window

Commit message:

editmode: added HOME, END, fixed UP/DOWN movementes

TODO.md, after:

+dashboard add basic filter options ++order
+later tabs ++dashboard
grouping instead of direct ordering ++order +dashboard
automatic arrangement of multiple windows +dashboard
+later allow resize ++dashboard
++order windows from model/groups +dashboard
scroll ++overlong +window
splitted window ++overlong +window
filter-sidebar +sidebar
choose projects / contexts +sidebar ++filter
auto-filter +sidebar ++filter
presets +sidebar ++filter
and/or filters +sidebar ++filter
++settings connect settings to ui/model +sidebar
++settings save/load settings to file +sidebar
+later ++Archive opens small prompt
+later ++Archive all windows
+later ++Archive only current windows
+later ++kb p to paste below
+later ++kb P to paste above
+later ++kb strg+V toggle visibility modes (show full tasks, show only current task completely, hide non-text everywhere)
+kb strg+Up/k swap up
tag/subtag/list suggestions +editmode
+kb strg+down/j swap down
+later key: u to ++undo
update window on edited tags/subtags +editmode
+later basic bindings ++taskwarrior
++order task sort order should follow file not alphabet +dashboard
++window add more general onEnter/onLeave that also propagate to parents +later
++window dim window borders if not under cursor +later
+dashboard ++order editable tag-lines (make autoboxing for Tags, etc)
++manage is self.manage() really needed? +window
++manage move uielement.clear to term to allow also element swapping +window
